OK welcome back to Part 2 of creating your first Facebook at now I hope you clicked on that Continue
button from the previous lecture and you're now looking at this page.
And on this page it's all about creating the word itself.
So once again I'm going to take you through the key points so you learn as quickly as possible what
this is all about.
So the first thing I'd do is give it a name so I'm simply going to call it advert one.
Then what you want to do is set the identity now that simply means making sure that the Facebook page
is correctly associated with the Ad.
So if you've only got one Facebook page which is likely there won't be any options.
I have various Facebook pages my own businesses and for teaching.
So I get this little dropdown list box here but just make sure the appropriate page you set up all those
lectures ago is showing up here.
OK.
So for me Tim's super deals now let's scroll down to the format.
Now there are various formats available here but to get going in this first instance we are going to
focus on the single image.
So I want you to select the single image and then as we scroll down here we need to add an image median
image on our Facebook is all about the images and a limited amount of text as you'll see.
So clearly what I want is an image of my heart shaped pendant so all I need to do is click on upload
images get that from my PC.
And upload.
Now it might not look quite right so you can click on this little thing here and you can basically position
it as you want and you see it's going to show up on Facebook and on Instagram if I click on Instagram
this is how it's to look and if you click on Facebook.
That's how it's going to look.
All right.
So if you're happy with that.
Just click on Don.
Now with that out of the way the next thing we want to talk about are these links now there's links
section is essentially all about where the customer is going to go once they click on your ad.
Where is it going to link to.
So you can see already the ad over here building up because the image is there already.
But what I want to draw attention to straightaway is this Web site you're on now.
This is where we want them to go and where we want to go is straight to the product page not to the
home page nor anywhere else.
We want to bring them for continuity straight from the advert to the parent page.
We want that connection and not surprise at all by what they see.
Once they click on the link so to get the link just go back to your store.
In this case most all grab the link itself and then paste it into here.
Now what you're going to see once it's done it's going to drag in some information so straightaway that
you see that it's got heart shaped pendant in the headline and I'm sure you noticed that the text where
there was really nothing here at all before it's now pulled in that text that we wrote on the product
description page so would you love to own this shaped dog pendant.
Show your love dogs high quality.
And then it's cut off because of the limited space.
But you can see this coming from this right.
So what we want to do is just tidy some of this up now.
Now the question as I said before many lectures ago is a great way to spark interest in your products.
I'm going to keep that and I'm going to do now is add my limited text right my limited over text if
we go back to the ad itself as well.
I had only 50 left at this discounted price so I'm going to copy that and I'm going to paste it in here
like that.
OK.
So now we see the ad previewing on the right hand side here looks pretty good right.
Would you love to own this Heart-Shaped dog pendant.
Only 50 left.
This discounted price.
Now the headline itself that's fine.
Heart shaped dog pendant.
That's exactly what it is you don't get fancy with that.
Oh clever.
You want to say exactly what it is.
But the call to action we are not learning anything here.
What you want to do is to go shopping.
So let's find the shop now button.
That's what we want.
That's our call to action if you like.
Now there are various other parameters in here but quite frankly you do not need to worry about any
of it.
All of this should be well set up.
Now we've been through everything I've taken you through every single step and you now have your very
first ad set up.
So there really is only one thing left to do now.
And that is simply to hit the confirm button.
So there we have it.
Facebook has accepted the ad and I'm now looking at the ads manager.
I'm going to explain all of this very very soon.
Now before we move on just one point you may see when you click on that confirm button you may see that
you are prompted to enter in your payment details your credit card or your pay pal or whatever it is
to obviously pay for your ads.
Now for me that didn't happen because I have payment systems set up already.
So you may not go straight to this but if you didn't just go through the payment process set that up
and once that's done you'll be looking at a page very very similar to this.
So super Congratulations you have now got your first ad in place now that took quite a long time.
I appreciate that.
But you get better and better this.
And before you know it you'll be putting all kinds of ads and campaigns together very very quickly and
efficiently.
So in the next lecture and to complete this whole demonstration campaign we're going to do what's called
a split test.
So see you very very soon.